
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q4, Spring 2022   (c) DL, UTA, 2022


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4a. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
     (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

 4b. Upload all data files (*csv, not this quiz) to cloud service. 

 4c. Create a database with the file, in a table. 
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 To recieve credit you MUST show (demo) AND submit the code (text only) on Canvas.

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your 
    Student ID at the top and below that, your name, at the top of every web page dispayed 
    (for this quiz). Please use a large font.

    For this question (only this question), 
    Using a web interface (web page) allow a user to give a number N, and show a pie chart with N slices, 
    where each pie slice represents 1/N th of the number of entries in the coresponding range in column 3 
    (the last column), for example for N = 10, the data ranges (for that column) from 8 to 211, so for equal 
    spaced intervals = (211-8)/10 = 20.3, so there are 17 entries from 8 to 20.3; that is the fraction is 17/50
    of the data. (For N=2, (211-8)/2, slightly less than half.)
    Each pie slice should be in a different color, please show the percent labels outside each slice.
    The pie chart should occupy between 70 and 90% of the screen width. 

 6. On a web form, please allow a user, to give a range of values Low to High (L,H) and a value N, and for column 2, 
    show a vertical bar chart with N bars, where each bar is is 1/N th of the values equally divided in the range H-L.
    Each bar should be labeled, please show labels below each bar.
    All bars should be the same color (any you want), and this chart should be 80% to 90% the size of the screen.

 7. On a web form, please allow a user, to give a range of values Low to High (L,H) for values in column 3
    (for example 100 to 120) and show a point chart (scatter chart) with those values from column 3 for the X axis
    and the corresponding values from column 2 x column 1 (multiply the values together) on the Y axis.
    Please scale this chart to be readable and make sense, and label the X and Y axis.
    Please note: You will need to scale the X and Y axis, as well as label the X and Y axis.

 8. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 5, 6, 7

 10. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

