
Name: Avadhut Vijay Talbar
Last 4 digits ID: 1001955622

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q7, Spring 2022   (c) DL, UTA, 2022

You have two options, more details follow!


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     AVT

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")


Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 To recieve credit you MUST show (demo) AND submit the code (text only) on Canvas.

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your 
    Student ID at the top and below that, your name, at the top of every web page dispayed 
    (for this quiz). Please use a large font.

Option 1, Using jmeter and your application:

   Create/implement a cloud based web site similar to assignment 2 or 3, or any that
   responds to queries, retrieving information from any source (your choice).
   Show us that application running on a cloud provider.

   Run Jmeter (or similar) locally, use Jmeter to "drive" your cloud application. 
   Allow us to try several parameters, such as amount of requests per unit time, intervals between requests, 
   or similar variations on request traffic.
 
Option 2:

   On a cloud hosted application, show a user and allow input:
   A text box (at least 800 characters), and two numeric values: N which is a number, and L also a number.
   N is the number of most frequent words to count, for example if N is 5 you will count and show the most frequent
   5 words in the text. Please show a list of those 5 (N) words in decending frequency and then below that show a pie chart
   with the frequency of those words. The pie chart should be about 75% the width of the screen with labels inside pie slices.

   If a user supplies the value L that is the length of words instead of word frequency, please show word length frequency
   from 1 to L characters in length. That is for L=3, all 1, 2, and 3 character words, please show the results in a list (table)
   followed by a pie chart (similar in format to previous part).

 9. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. 

 10. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

