
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q2, Spring 2022   (c) DL, UTA, 2022


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please show or send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.

 6. Please create a relational database (your choice which) from the .csv data on the cloud provider, you may do this manually 
    or in code, it is your choice.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 10. (Web page) Allow a user to give a latitude value L and a number of degrees N, and show for all the earthquakes between 
     L-N and L+N degrees show the time, latitide, longitude, id, and place for each quake.

 11. Many of the net values "ak" have missing gap values. There are other net values that are wrong. In a web page 
     we will give you a net value (such as "ak" or another) and a value N and you will put those values into the gap value 
     for any entry with that net value (such as all "ak" should have a net value -1). Then we will give you a range of gap values
     (such as 10 to 100) and a net value, and you will tell us how many entries match.

 12. (Web form) We will give you a mag range and a part of a place name, please list all quakes within those constraints
     (for example mag range 3.14 to 3.24, with "CA"), please list time, lat, long, mag, place name.

 13. (Web form) we will give you a type and net value, please tell us how many entries match, then we will ask you to change 
     the place string to a given string. (For example change all "md", "pr" place to "Oh No!")

 14. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10,11,12,13

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

