
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q3, Spring 2022   (c) DL, UTA, 2022


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4a. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
     (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

 4b. Upload all data files (*csv, not this quiz) to cloud service. 

 4c. Create a database with the two csv files, each is a table. The ni table contains user names and the id for each, the di table
     has a user's id, the password (pwd) for that user and a code.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 To recieve credit you MUST show (demo) AND submit the code (text only) on Canvas.

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your 
    Student ID at the top and below that, your name, at the top of every web page dispayed 
    (for this quiz). Please use a large font.

    Using the ni table, and using a web interface (web page) allow a user to give a range of 
    id (for example 2345 to 5555) and show all of the names and id within that range.
   
    Also show the smallest and largest id and names in the data within that range.

 6. (a) Allow a user to give an id number (in  tables) range, and for all id in that range, list id, name, pwd and code.

    (b) Allow a user to give a number N (for example 5), and a code, and you will randomly select N of those with exact matching 
        code and display the same information as the previous part (for example N=5, code= 200003)

    Please show the time to do those queries.

 7. A user will give you the number of times (T) to do the "query", you will do both of the previous questions 
    that number (T) of times and show the results as well as the total time taken. 

 8. Repeat the previous question using (in addition to the database) an in-memory caching mechanism 
    (NOT an in-memory database) then show us.

 9. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 5, 6, 7, 8

 10. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

