
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q1, Spring 2022   (c) DL, UTA, 2022


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please show or send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.

 6. For this quiz you do not need to use any database, if you don't want to do so. For any part where information is insufficient
    (not enough data or not possible) please show "no information or picture available".
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 10. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name in large letters as it appears on your ID card, 
     as well as your the last 5 digits of your student ID in large font above your name at the top of every web page dispayed 
     (for this quiz)
     On the first page show the picture woolf.jpg below ID number and name.

 11. Show the object names, min and max for each object on a web page.

 12. Show a web interface (page) where we will give you a value V, show all objects, charm, and pictures for any object where
     V is between min and max.

 13. Show a web interface (page) where we will give you a word and show us all objects, min, max, charm and pictures 
     where charm has that word (in the charm string.)

 14. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will ttry it out. Only for parts 10, 11, 12, 13 

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

